(Documentation) Document `Learner` components (#102)
FluxML/FluxTraining.jl: docs/background/model.md

# Models

FluxTraining.jl works with all [Flux.jl](https://github.com/FluxML/Flux.jl)-compatible models. Unless you are using a [custom training loop](/documents/docs/tutorials/training.md), a `model` is expected to take a single input `xs`, which corresponds to the encoded inputs returned by your [data iterator](/documents/docs/background/dataiterator.md). This means the following has to work:

```julia
xs, ys = first(dataiter)
ŷs = model(xs)
```

> `model` also has to be differentiable. If you're composing Flux.jl layers, this is likely the case. You can always make sure by testing:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`model` also has to be differentiable. If you're composing Flux.jl layers, this is already the case. You can always make sure by testing that the following does not error:
```

```julia
using Flux, Zygote

xs, ys = first(dataiter)
lossfn = Flux.mse
grads = Zygote.gradient(Flux.params(model)) do
    lossfn(model(xs), ys)
end
```

## Creating models

The simplest way to create a Flux.jl-compatible model is to use layers from Flux.jl. 

> A good entrypoint is [this tutorial](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/models/basics/)in Flux's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A good entrypoint is [this tutorial](https://fluxml.ai/Flux.jl/stable/models/basics/) in Flux's documentation.
```
